hi I'm Erin Oakley and I'm a Marine
Mammal trainer here at SeaWorld on the
Gold Coast
I moved up to the Gold Coast to actually
study at Griffith University and I did a
Bachelor of Science in marine and
wildlife biology and while I was at uni
I was actually given the opportunity to
come and volunteer here at SeaWorld also
at some of the different places around
the coast with different animals and I
was lucky enough to get my job through
having that volunteer experience
a typical day here at SeaWorld includes
lots of fish preparation for the
dolphins got lots of hungry mouths to
feed and here at Dolphin Cove look after
13 dolphins and they eat over 100 kilos
each so that's a lot of fish you don't
have to prepare we do lots of training
sessions lots of husbandry work with it
often so we're constantly trying to look
after their health we're also trying to
enrich their life so lots of play
sessions we also do a few interactive
programs so introducing people to
dolphins and of course a couple of shows
as well
every dolphin has their own little
personality they're a little bit
different and there are a lot of fun
getting to know them and also to train
them as well
in our work we definitely do have a
really strong level of fitness
so I also carry that over into my
private time as well I love getting out
enjoying the Gold Coast parks and
beaches I love running around on the
beautiful headlines that we do have here
on the Gold Coast
I love living on the coast because we do
have some exceptional cafes here on the
coast we have some amazing coffees and
of course cake
this job is definitely a dream job I get
to come to work every day and play with
some magnificent dolphins I also get to
spend time with some beautiful people
and have some great great times